


				User Money Manager Story 
 

User: 
As a user, I should be able to define a new user with first name and last name and add it to the user collection. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all users. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all users with a given first name. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all users with a given last name. 
As a user, I should be able to look up information for a user by user ID.
As a user, I should be able to remove user (by ID) from my collection.
As a user, I should be able to edit all attributes of a user other than its ID.

Expenses: 

As a user, I should be able to define expense with source, amount, date, description, category and add it to the expense collection. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all expenses. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all expenses with a given source. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all expenses with a given amount range. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all expenses with a given date. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all expenses with a given category. 
As a user, I should be able to look up information for a expense by expense ID.
As a user, I should be able to remove expense (by ID) from my collection.
As a user, I should be able to edit all attributes of a expense other than its ID.

Income: 

As a user, I should be able to define income with job, amount, date, description, category(parttime/fulltime/investment...) and add it to the income collection. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all income. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all income with a given source. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all income with a given amount range. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all income with a given date. 
As a user, I should be able to get a list of all income with a given category. 
As a user, I should be able to look up information for a income by income ID.
As a user, I should be able to remove income (by ID) from my collection.
As a user, I should be able to edit all attributes of a income other than its ID.

Report: 

As a user, I should be able to should be able to see a report of my savings (Graph / table), but can't edit or make any direct update on that (upadate actual income/expense table).
As a user, I should be able to get a report of their expenses by a source.
As a user, I should be able to get a report of their expenses by date (year, month, week).
As a user, I should be able to get a report of their expenses by category. 
As a user, I should be able to get a report of their expenses by amount range. 

As a user, I should be able to get a report of their income by a source.
As a user, I should be able to get a report of their income by date (year, month, week).
As a user, I should be able to get a report of their income by category. 
As a user, I should be able to get a report of their income by amount range. 

As a user, I should be able to set a goal (desired total income - total expense) within a time frame.  
As a user, I should be able to view the goal progress with the graph/table of the report. 






User Story: 
1. As a user, you should be able to add your first and last name 
2. As a user, you should be able to 
	- add
	- edit 
	- delete 
	- get 
	   - expenses by 
	   			- expense source  (Ex: Grocery store)
	   			- expense amount 
	   			- date 
	   			- description 
	   			- expense category  (Ex: food, entertainment)
3. As a user, you should be able to 
	- add
	- edit 
	- delete 
	- get 
	   - income by 
	   			- income source  
	   				- job (Category)
	   			- income amount 
	   			- date 
	   			- description 
4. User should be able to see a report of their savings (Graph / table), but they can't edit or make any update on that. 
5. User should be able to get a report of their expenses by date (year, month, week), category, amount. (Table)
6. User should be able to get a report of their income by date (year, month, week), category, amount, job. (Table)
7. User should not be able to do any operation on the Id. 

Extra: 
8. User should be able to set a goal for each month, with the graph/table they can view their progress
 	   			

	   			



1. User
2. Income 
3. Expense 


1,2   1-M 
1,3   1-M 
2,3   M-M 

User: 
	userId         serial     	PK
	firstName 	   varChar    	Not NULL 
	lastName       varChar    	Not NULL 

Income: 
	incomeId        serial    	pk 
	incomeSource    varChar   	Not null
	incomeAmount    numeric   	Not NUll 
	unit ($)        varChar   	Not null 
	earnedDate      timestamp 	Not null 
	description     text      	Not null 

Expense: 
	expenseId       serial      pk 
	expenseAmount   numeric     Not null 
	unit ($)        varChar     Not null 
	expenseDate     timeStamp   Not null 
	dscription      text        Not null 


